# GDA-Case-Study
This is a Google Data Analytics Capstone: Case study. In this case study, I performed perform data analysis for a fictional bike-share company in order to help them attract more riders. Along the way, I performed numerous real-world tasks of a junior data analyst by following the steps of the data analysis process: Ask, Prepare, Process, Analyze, Share, and Act.
## Introduction 
The Cyclistic bike-share analysis case study! In this case study Cyclistic, a bike-share company in Chicago. The director of marketing believes the company’s future success depends on maximizing the number of annual memberships. Therefore, I was given task to understand how casual riders and annual members use Cyclistic bikes differently.From these insights, the company will design a new marketing strategy to convert casual riders into annual members.
## About the company
In 2016, Cyclistic launched a successful bike-share offoering. Since then, the program has grown to a fleet of 5,824 bicycles that are geotracked and locked into a network of 692 stations across Chicago. The bikes can be unlocked from one station and returned to any other station in the system anytime. Until now, Cyclistic’s marketing strategy relied on building general awareness and appealing to broad consumer segments. One approach that helped make these things possible was the flexibility of its pricing plans: single-ride passes, full-day passes, and annual memberships. Customers who purchase single-ride or full-day passes are referred to as casual riders. Customers who purchase annual memberships are Cyclistic members.
## About the Dataset
The datasets have a different name because Cyclistic is a fictional company. For the purposes of this case study, the datasets are appropriate and will enable you to answer the business questions. The data has been made available by Motivate International Inc. under this [license](https://www.divvybikes.com/data-license-agreement).
